"The best way to predict the future is to invent it."
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans."
"Get busy living or get busy dying."
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts."
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment."
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does."
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today."
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking."
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it."
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going."
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them."
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great."
"To be successful, you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like."
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have."
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm."
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary."
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today."
"Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently."
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny."
"Believe you can and you're halfway there."
"Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life."
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear."
"Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them."
"Success is not in what you have, but who you are."
"Success is not measured by what you accomplish, but the opposition you have encountered, and the courage with which you have maintained the struggle against overwhelming odds."
"The best revenge is massive success."
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing."
"Nothing in the world can take the place of Persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent."
"Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome."
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you."
"Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm."
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking."
"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other."
"Everything you can imagine is real."
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today."
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out."
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart."
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom."
"You do not find the happy life. You make it."
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible."
"Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm."
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does."
"Do not wait; the time will never be ‘just right.’ Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along."
"Success is not in what you have, but who you are."
"To be successful, you must first believe that you can be."
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them."
"The best way to predict your future is to create it."
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today."
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are."
"Success is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure."
